### Question 1: Incorrect
The engineering team at an e-commerce company is working on cost optimizations for EC2 instances. The team wants to manage the workload using a mix of on-demand and spot instances across multiple instance types. They would like to create an Auto Scaling group with a mix of these instances.

Which of the following options would allow the engineering team to provision the instances for this use-case?

#### Tips
- both launch template and launch config are used for ASG to launch EC2 instances, but launch config are old and not recommend, the both support:
ID of the Amazon Machine Image (AMI), 
the instance type, 
a key pair, 
security groups, 
and the other parameters that you use to launch EC2 instances. 

- but, launch config doesn's support:
multiple versions,
support multiple instance types using both On-Demand Instances and Spot Instances

### Question 4: Incorrect
A news network uses Amazon S3 to aggregate the raw video footage from its reporting teams across the US. The news network has recently expanded into new geographies in Europe and Asia. The technical teams at the overseas branch offices have reported huge delays in uploading large video files to the destination S3 bucket.

Which of the following are the MOST cost-effective options to improve the file upload speed into S3? (Select two)

#### Tips
- Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration enables fast, easy, and secure transfers of files over long distances between your client and an S3 bucket. Transfer Acceleration **takes advantage of Amazon CloudFront’s globally distributed edge locations**. As the data arrives at an edge location, data is routed to Amazon S3 over an optimized network path.

- Use multipart uploads for faster file uploads into the destination S3 bucket,independently, retry any part,  100 MB

- Create multiple AWS direct connect connections between the AWS Cloud and branch offices in Europe and Asia. Use the direct connect connections for faster file uploads into S3 - **AWS Direct Connect is a cloud service solution that makes it easy to establish a dedicated network connection from your premises to AWS**. AWS Direct Connect lets you establish a dedicated network connection between your network and one of the AWS Direct Connect locations. **Direct connect takes significant time (several months) to be provisioned and is an overkill for the given use-case.**

- Create multiple site-to-site VPN connections between the AWS Cloud and branch offices in Europe and Asia. Use these VPN connections for faster file uploads into S3 - AWS Site-to-Site VPN enables you to **securely** connect your on-premises network or branch office site to your Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC). You can securely extend your data center or branch office network to the cloud with an AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection. A VPC VPN Connection utilizes IPSec to establish encrypted network connectivity between your intranet and Amazon VPC over the Internet. VPN Connections are a good solution if you have **low to modest** bandwidth requirements and can tolerate the inherent variability in Internet-based connectivity. **Site-to-site VPN will not help in accelerating the file transfer speeds into S3** for the given use-case.

- Use AWS Global Accelerator for faster file uploads into the destination S3 bucket - AWS Global Accelerator is a service that improves the availability and performance of your applications with local or global users. It provides **static IP addresses** that act as a fixed entry point to your application endpoints in a single or multiple AWS Regions, such as your **Application Load Balancers, Network Load Balancers or Amazon EC2 instances.** AWS Global Accelerator will **not help in accelerating the file transfer speeds** into S3 for the given use-case.

### Question 20: Correct
A media company wants to get out of the business of owning and maintaining its own IT infrastructure. As part of this digital transformation, the media company wants to archive about 5PB of data in its on-premises data center to durable long term storage.

As a solutions architect, what is your recommendation to migrate this data in the MOST cost-optimal way?

#### Tips
- Transfer the on-premises data into multiple Snowball Edge Storage Optimized devices. Copy the Snowball Edge data into Amazon S3 and create a lifecycle policy to transition the data into AWS Glacier
It provides up to 80 TB of usable HDD storage, 40 vCPUs, 1 TB of SATA SSD storage, and up to 40 Gb network connectivity to address large scale data transfer and pre-processing use cases. 
You can't directly copy data from Snowball Edge devices into AWS Glacier.

### Question 28: Incorrect
A company wants to migrate its on-premises databases to AWS Cloud. The CTO at the company wants a solution that can handle complex database configurations such as secondary indexes, foreign keys, and stored procedures.

As a solutions architect, which of the following AWS services should be combined to handle this use-case? (Select two)

#### Tips
- AWS Schema Conversion Tool + AWS Database Migration Service
- First use the AWS Schema Conversion Tool to convert the source schema and code to match that of the target database, and then use the AWS Database Migration Service to migrate data from the source database to the target database. 

- Basic Schema Copy is great for doing a test migration, or when you are migrating databases heterogeneously e.g. Oracle to MySQL or SQL Server to Oracle. Basic Schema Copy will not migrate secondary indexes, foreign keys or stored procedures. 

### Question 36: Incorrect
A financial services company recently launched an initiative to improve the security of its AWS resources and it had enabled AWS Shield Advanced across multiple AWS accounts owned by the company. Upon analysis, the company has found that the costs incurred are much higher than expected.

Which of the following would you attribute as the underlying reason for the unexpectedly high costs for AWS Shield Advanced service?

- Correct option: **Consolidated billing has not been enabled. All the AWS accounts should fall under a single consolidated billing for the monthly fee to be charged only once** - If your organization has multiple AWS accounts, then you can subscribe multiple AWS Accounts to AWS Shield Advanced by individually enabling it on each account using the AWS Management Console or API. You will pay the monthly fee once as long as the AWS accounts are all under a single consolidated billing, and you own all the AWS accounts and resources in those accounts.

- Selected options:
**AWS Shield Advanced is being used for custom servers, that are not part of AWS Cloud, thereby resulting in increased costs**- AWS Shield Advanced does offer protection to resources outside of AWS. This should not cause unexpected spike in billing costs.

### Question 39: Correct
A startup's cloud infrastructure consists of a few Amazon EC2 instances, Amazon RDS instances and Amazon S3 storage. A year into their business operations, the startup is incurring costs that seem too high for their business requirements.

Which of the following options represents a valid cost-optimization solution?

- **Use AWS Cost Explorer Resource Optimization to get a report of EC2 instances that are either idle or have low utilization and use AWS Compute Optimizer to look at instance type recommendations**

- AWS Cost Explorer helps you identify under-utilized EC2 instances that may be downsized on an instance by instance basis within the same instance family, and also understand the potential impact on your AWS bill by taking into account your Reserved Instances and Savings Plans.

- AWS Compute Optimizer recommends optimal AWS Compute resources for your workloads to reduce costs and improve performance by using machine learning to analyze historical utilization metrics. Compute Optimizer helps you choose the optimal Amazon EC2 instance types, including those that are part of an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group, based on your utilization data.**It does not recommend instance purchase options.**

### Question 41: Incorrect
A financial services company is looking to move its on-premises IT infrastructure to AWS Cloud. The company has multiple long-term server bound licenses across the application stack and the CTO wants to continue to utilize those licenses while moving to AWS.

As a solutions architect, which of the following would you recommend as the MOST cost-effective?

- EC2 dedicated hosts, You can use Dedicated Hosts to launch Amazon EC2 instances on physical servers that are dedicated for your use. can reliably use the same physical server over time. As a result, Dedicated Hosts enable you to use your existing server-bound software licenses
- EC2 dedicated instances, Dedicated instances may share hardware with other instances from the same AWS account that are not dedicated instances. Dedicated instances cannot be used for existing server-bound software licenses.
- EC2 on-demand instances,Pay, by the second, for the instances that you launch.
- EC2 reserved instances, Reduce your Amazon EC2 costs by making a commitment to a consistent instance configuration, including instance type and Region, for a term of 1 or 3 years.

### Question 43: Correct
A development team has deployed a microservice to the ECS. The application layer is in a Docker container that provides both static and dynamic content through an Application Load Balancer. With increasing load, the ECS cluster is experiencing higher network usage. The development team has looked into the network usage and found that 90% of it is due to distributing static content of the application.

As a Solutions Architect, what do you recommend to improve the application's network usage and decrease costs?

- Distribute the static content through Amazon S3, You can use Amazon S3 to host a static website

### Question 44: Correct
A retail company has developed a REST API which is deployed in an Auto Scaling group behind an Application Load Balancer. The API stores the user data in DynamoDB and any static content, such as images, are served via S3. On analyzing the usage trends, it is found that 90% of the read requests are for commonly accessed data across all users.

As a Solutions Architect, which of the following would you suggest as the MOST efficient solution to improve the application performance?

- Enable DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) for DynamoDB and CloudFront for S3, 

- DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) is a fully managed, highly available, in-memory cache for Amazon DynamoDB that delivers up to a 10 times performance improvement—from milliseconds to microseconds—even at millions of requests per second.DAX is used to natively cache DynamoDB reads.

- CloudFront is a content delivery network (CDN) service that delivers static and dynamic web content, video streams, and APIs around the world, securely and at scale. By design, delivering data out of CloudFront can be more cost-effective than delivering it from S3 directly to your users.

### Question 46: Correct
A leading social media analytics company is contemplating moving its dockerized application stack into AWS Cloud. The company is not sure about the pricing for using Elastic Container Service (ECS) with the EC2 launch type compared to the Elastic Container Service (ECS) with the Fargate launch type.

Which of the following is correct regarding the pricing for these two services?

- ECS with EC2 launch type is charged based on EC2 instances and EBS volumes used. ECS with Fargate launch type is charged based on vCPU and memory resources that the containerized application requests

- Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS)
- With the Fargate launch type, vCPU and memory resources are calculated from the time your container images are pulled until the Amazon ECS Task* terminates, rounded up to the nearest second

### Question 48: Correct
A medium-sized business has a taxi dispatch application deployed on an EC2 instance. Because of an unknown bug, the application causes the instance to freeze regularly. Then, the instance has to be manually restarted via the AWS management console.

Which of the following is the MOST cost-optimal and resource-efficient way to implement an automated solution until a permanent fix is delivered by the development team?

- Setup a CloudWatch alarm to monitor the health status of the instance. In case of an Instance Health Check failure, an EC2 Reboot CloudWatch Alarm Action can be used to reboot the instance

### Question 55: Incorrect
A media agency stores its re-creatable assets on Amazon S3 buckets. The assets are accessed by a large number of users for the first few days and the frequency of access falls down drastically after a week. Although the assets would be accessed occasionally after the first week, but they must continue to be immediately accessible when required. The cost of maintaining all the assets on S3 storage is turning out to be very expensive and the agency is looking at reducing costs as much as possible.

As a Solutions Architect, can you suggest a way to lower the storage costs while fulfilling the business requirements?

- Correct option: Configure a lifecycle policy to transition the objects to Amazon S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA) after 30 days

- S3 One Zone-IA is for data that is accessed less frequently, but requires rapid access when needed. 

- Both S3 One Zone-IA and S3 Standard-IA can offer the same high durability, high throughput, and low latency of S3 Standard, with a low per GB storage price and per GB retrieval fee.

- S3 One Zone-IA stores data in a single AZ and costs 20% less than S3 Standard-IA.

- The minimum storage duration is 30 days before you can transition objects from S3 Standard to S3 One Zone-IA.

