### Question 2: Correct
A developer needs to implement a Lambda function in AWS account A that accesses an Amazon S3 bucket in AWS account B.
As a Solutions Architect, which of the following will you recommend to meet this requirement?

- Create an IAM role for the Lambda function that grants access to the S3 bucket. Set the IAM role as the Lambda function's execution role. Make sure that the bucket policy also grants access to the Lambda function's execution role
- If the IAM role that you create for the Lambda function is in the same AWS account as the bucket, then you don't need to grant Amazon S3 permissions on both the IAM role and the bucket policy. Instead, you can grant the permissions on the IAM role and then verify that the bucket policy doesn't explicitly deny access to the Lambda function role. If the IAM role and the bucket are in different accounts, then you need to grant Amazon S3 permissions on both the IAM role and the bucket policy. Therefore, this is the right way of giving access to AWS Lambda for the given use-case.

### Question 5: Incorrect
A media company has its corporate headquarters in Los Angeles with an on-premises data center using an AWS Direct Connect connection to the AWS VPC. The branch offices in San Francisco and Miami use Site-to-Site VPN connections to connect to the AWS VPC. The company is looking for a solution to have the branch offices send and receive data with each other as well as with their corporate headquarters.
As a solutions architect, which of the following AWS services would you recommend addressing this use-case?

- If you have multiple AWS Site-to-Site VPN connections, you can provide secure communication between sites using the AWS VPN CloudHub. This enables your remote sites to communicate with each other, and not just with the VPC. Sites that use AWS Direct Connect connections to the virtual private gateway can also be part of the AWS VPN CloudHub

- VPC Endpoint - A VPC endpoint enables you to privately connect your VPC to supported AWS services and VPC endpoint services powered by AWS PrivateLink without requiring an internet gateway, NAT device, VPN connection, or AWS Direct Connect connection. Instances in your VPC do not require public IP addresses to communicate with resources in the service. AWS PrivateLink simplifies the security of data shared with cloud-based applications by eliminating the exposure of data to the public Internet. When you use VPC endpoint, the traffic between your VPC and the other AWS service does not leave the Amazon network, therefore this option cannot be used to send and receive data between the remote branch offices of the company.
- VPC Peering - A VPC peering connection is a networking connection between two VPCs that enables you to route traffic between them using private IPv4 addresses or IPv6 addresses. Instances in either VPC can communicate with each other as if they are within the same network. VPC peering facilitates a connection between two VPCs within the AWS network, therefore this option cannot be used to send and receive data between the remote branch offices of the company.
- Software VPN - Amazon VPC offers you the flexibility to fully manage both sides of your Amazon VPC connectivity by creating a VPN connection between your remote network and a software VPN appliance running in your Amazon VPC network. Since Software VPN just handles connectivity between the remote network and Amazon VPC, therefore it cannot be used to send and receive data between the remote branch offices of the company.
### Question 6: Correct
The engineering team at a company wants to use Amazon SQS to decouple components of the underlying application architecture. However, the team is concerned about the VPC-bound components accessing SQS over the public internet.
As a solutions architect, which of the following solutions would you recommend to address this use-case?

- 
Use VPC endpoint to access Amazon SQS
AWS customers can access Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) from their Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) using VPC endpoints, without using public IPs, and without needing to traverse the public internet. VPC endpoints for Amazon SQS are powered by AWS PrivateLink, a highly available, scalable technology that enables you to privately connect your VPC to supported AWS services.

### Question 7: Incorrect
An IT company wants to review its security best-practices after an incident was reported where a new developer on the team was assigned full access to DynamoDB. The developer accidentally deleted a couple of tables from the production environment while building out a new feature.
Which is the MOST effective way to address this issue so that such incidents do not recur?
- Explanation
Correct option:
Use permissions boundary to control the maximum permissions employees can grant to the IAM principals
A permissions boundary can be used to control the maximum permissions employees can grant to the IAM principals (that is, users and roles) that they create and manage. As the IAM administrator, you can define one or more permissions boundaries using managed policies and allow your employee to create a principal with this boundary. The employee can then attach a permissions policy to this principal, 
intersection of the permissions boundary and permissions policy
- Only root user should have full database access in the organization - As a best practice, the root user should not access the AWS account to carry out any administrative procedures. So this option is not correct.

### Question 8: Incorrect
Your company runs a website for evaluating coding skills. As a Solutions Architect, you've designed the architecture of the website to follow a serverless pattern on the AWS Cloud using API Gateway and AWS Lambda. The backend is using an RDS PostgreSQL database. Caching is implemented using a Redis ElastiCache cluster. You would like to increase the security of your authentication to Redis from the Lambda function, leveraging a username and password combination.
As a solutions architect, which of the following options would you recommend?

- Use Redis Auth， Redis authentication tokens enable Redis to require a token (password) before allowing clients to execute commands, thereby improving data security.


### Question 11: Incorrect
A company has moved its business critical data to Amazon EFS file system which will be accessed by multiple EC2 instances.

As an AWS Certified Solutions Architect Associate, which of the following would you recommend to exercise access control such that only the permitted EC2 instances can read from the EFS file system? (Select three)

-Use VPC security groups to control the network traffic to and from your file system

Attach an IAM policy to your file system to control clients who can mount your file system with the required permissions

Use EFS Access Points to manage application access

- Incorrect options:

Use Network ACLs to control the network traffic to and from your Amazon EC2 instance - Network ACLs operate at the subnet level and not at the instance level

### Question 18: Incorrect
An Elastic Load Balancer has marked all the EC2 instances in the target group as unhealthy. Surprisingly, when a developer enters the IP address of the EC2 instances in the web browser, he can access the website.

What could be the reason the instances are being marked as unhealthy? (Select two)
- The security group of the EC2 instance does not allow for traffic from the security group of the Application 
- Load Balancer
The route for the health check is misconfigured

### Question 21: Correct
A retail company uses Amazon EC2 instances, API Gateway, Amazon RDS, Elastic Load Balancer and CloudFront services. To improve the security of these services, the Risk Advisory group has suggested a feasibility check for using the Amazon GuardDuty service.

Which of the following would you identify as data sources supported by GuardDuty?

- VPC Flow Logs, DNS logs, CloudTrail events - Amazon GuardDuty is a threat detection service that continuously monitors for malicious activity and unauthorized behavior to protect your AWS accounts, workloads, and data stored in Amazon S3.
- GuardDuty analyzes tens of billions of events across multiple AWS data sources, such as AWS CloudTrail events, Amazon VPC Flow Logs, and DNS logs.

### Question 23: Incorrect
A retail company uses AWS Cloud to manage its IT infrastructure. The company has set up "AWS Organizations" to manage several departments running their AWS accounts and using resources such as EC2 instances and RDS databases. The company wants to provide shared and centrally-managed VPCs to all departments using applications that need a high degree of interconnectivity.

As a solutions architect, which of the following options would you choose to facilitate this use-case?

- Use VPC sharing to share one or more subnets with other AWS accounts belonging to the same parent organization from AWS Organizations
- VPC sharing (part of Resource Access Manager) allows multiple AWS accounts to create their application resources such as EC2 instances, RDS databases, Redshift clusters, and Lambda functions, into shared and centrally-managed Amazon Virtual Private Clouds (VPCs). To set this up, the account that owns the VPC (owner) shares one or more subnets with other accounts (participants) that belong to the same organization from AWS Organizations. 
- Selected: Use VPC sharing to share a VPC with other AWS accounts belonging to the same parent organization from AWS Organizations, **The owner account cannot share the VPC itself**

### Question 24: Correct
You have been hired as a Solutions Architect to advise a company on the various authentication/authorization mechanisms that AWS offers to authorize an API call within the API Gateway. The company would prefer a solution that offers built-in user management.

Which of the following solutions would you suggest as the best fit for the given use-case?

- Use Amazon Cognito User Pools 
- User pools provide: 1. Sign-up and sign-in services. 2. A built-in, customizable web UI to sign in users. 3. Social sign-in with Facebook, Google, Login with Amazon, and Sign in with Apple, as well as sign-in with SAML identity providers from your user pool. 4. User directory management and user profiles. 5. Security features such as multi-factor authentication (MFA), checks for compromised credentials, account takeover protection, and phone and email verification. 6. Customized workflows and user migration through AWS Lambda triggers.
- Use Amazon Cognito Identity Pools - The two main components of Amazon Cognito are user pools and identity pools. Identity pools provide AWS credentials to grant your users access to other AWS services. To enable users in your user pool to access AWS resources, you can configure an identity pool to exchange user pool tokens for AWS credentials. So, identity pools aren't an authentication mechanism in themselves and hence aren't a choice for this use case.

### Question 26: Correct
For security purposes, a team has decided to put their instances in a private subnet. They plan to deploy a VPC endpoint to access these services. The members of the team would like to know about the only two AWS services that require a Gateway Endpoint instead of an Interface Endpoint.

As a solutions architect, which of the following services would you suggest for this requirement? (Select two)

- Amazon S3, DynamoDB
- Instances in your VPC do not require public IP addresses to communicate with resources in the service. Traffic between your VPC and the other service does not leave the Amazon network.
- There are two types of VPC endpoints: Interface Endpoints and Gateway Endpoints.
- An Interface Endpoint is an Elastic Network Interface with a private IP address from the IP address range of your subnet that serves as an entry point for traffic destined to a supported service.
- A Gateway Endpoint is a gateway that you specify as a target for a route in your route table for traffic destined to a supported AWS service. The following AWS services are supported: Amazon S3 and DynamoDB. **only these two services use a VPC gateway endpoint. The rest of the AWS services use VPC interface endpoints.**


